OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-pruning-index-image.adoc

[id="olm-pruning-index-image_{context}"]
= Filtering a SQLite-based index image

[role="_abstract"]

> To include only selected Operators in a SQLite-based index image for {product-title}, you can filter, or prune, the catalog with the `opm index prune` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An index image, based on the Operator bundle format, is a containerized snapshot of an Operator catalog. You can filter, or _prune_, an index of all but a specified list of packages, which creates a copy of the source index containing only the Operators that you want.
```
